README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flybywiresim/fbw-branding/master/svg/FBW-Logo.svg" placeholder="FlyByWire" width="400"/>

# FlyByWire Simulations A32NX

[![GitHub latest release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/flybywiresim/a32nx.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/releases/latest)
[![Github All Releases download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/flybywiresim/a32nx/total.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/releases/latest)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/flybywiresim/a32nx.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/graphs/contributors)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/738864299392630914.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2)](https://discord.gg/UjzuHMU)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@FlyByWireSim-e84393?label=&logo=twitter&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://twitter.com/FlybywireSim)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FlyByWireSimulations-e84393?label=&logo=youtube&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://www.youtube.com/c/FlyByWire-Simulations)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FlyByWireSimulations-e84393?label=&logo=facebook&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://www.facebook.com/FlyByWireSimulations/)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@FlyByWireSim-e84393?label=&logo=instagram&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://instagram.com/flybywiresim)

The A32NX Project is a community-driven open source project to create a free Airbus A320neo in Microsoft Flight Simulator that is as close to reality as possible.

The following aircraft configuration is currently simulated:

 ```
 Model       A320-251N
 Engine      CFM LEAP 1A-26
 FMGS        Honeywell Pegasus II
 FWC Std.    H2F9C
 ```

Please note that this configuration may change in the future as the A32NX project evolves and changes.

## How to download and use the aircraft

To download the aircraft please go to the [FlyByWire Simulations website](https://flybywiresim.com). Please be sure to thoroughly read the [documentation](https://docs.flybywiresim.com) on how to install and use the aircraft.

If you're still running into problems after reading through the documentation, feel free to jump into our Discord [#support channel](https://discord.gg/snueqJjDUN).

## How to contribute

If you would like to contribute to the project, see [Contributing.md](.github/Contributing.md)

### Known issues and bug reporting

Our [known issues](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/start/reported-issues) list contains the most commonly reported issues. Should you have an issue not found on this list, then please take a look at the reported issues within the [issue tracker](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/issues) and report a new issue if your issue isn't found there. You can also use the issue tracker to request a new feature.

## FAQ

### What liveries are available?

Liveries for the A32NX can be found on [Flightsim.to](https://flightsim.to). However, default A320neo liveries are not compatible with the A32NX.

### When is the next update?

We don't know, since it depends on many factors. We will announce each new stable version via [Discord](https://discord.gg/flybywire) and our social media channels listed above.

### How do I join the team?

Read [Contributing.md](.github/Contributing.md) and join our Discord to get started.

### Is the A32NX payware?

No, it is a completely free aircraft, open-source.

### How do we report bugs?

Please read the [known Issues and bug reporting](#known-issues-and-bug-reporting) section.

### Why is my version not the same as what I see others using?

We have two versions: stable and development. The stable version is a 'snapshot' of the development which we regard as stable with the current version of the simulator. The developer build is updated daily and is a constant work in progress and although we test thoroughly each update, minor issues may occur from time to time.

## License

Original source code assets present in this repository are licensed under the GNU GPLv3.
Original 3D assets are licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0.

Microsoft Flight Simulator © Microsoft Corporation. The FlyByWire Simulations A32NX was created under Microsoft's "Game Content Usage Rules" using assets from Microsoft Flight Simulator, and it is not endorsed by or affiliated with Microsoft.

The contents of distribution packages built from the sources in this repository are therefore licensed as follows:

- in the case of original source code from FBW or compiled binaries generated from it, under GPLv3.
- in the case of original 3D assets from FBW, under CC BY-NC 4.0.
- in the case of assets covered by the "Game Content Usage Rules", under the license granted by those rules.

Commit message:

docs: updates to README FAQ, technical specification, and fixed links (#5710)
* docs: update README

* docs: add version guide link

* docs: s/A320/A320neo/g

* fix: grammar

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Johan Bouveng <jb@oddlogic.se>

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flybywiresim/fbw-branding/master/svg/FBW-Logo.svg" placeholder="FlyByWire" width="400"/>

# FlyByWire Simulations A32NX

[![GitHub latest release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/flybywiresim/a32nx.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/releases/latest)
[![Github All Releases download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/flybywiresim/a32nx/total.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/releases/latest)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/flybywiresim/a32nx.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/graphs/contributors)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/738864299392630914.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2)](https://discord.gg/UjzuHMU)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@FlyByWireSim-e84393?label=&logo=twitter&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://twitter.com/FlybywireSim)
[![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FlyByWireSimulations-e84393?label=&logo=youtube&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://www.youtube.com/c/FlyByWire-Simulations)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FlyByWireSimulations-e84393?label=&logo=facebook&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://www.facebook.com/FlyByWireSimulations/)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@FlyByWireSim-e84393?label=&logo=instagram&logoColor=ffffff&color=6399AE&labelColor=00C2CB)](https://instagram.com/flybywiresim)

The A32NX Project is a community-driven open source project to create a free Airbus A320neo in Microsoft Flight Simulator that is as close to reality as possible.

The following aircraft configuration is currently simulated:

### A320neo

 ```
 Model       A320-251N
 Engine      CFM LEAP 1A-26
 APU         APS3200
 FMGS        Honeywell Release H3
 FWC Std.    H2F9C
 ```

Please note that this configuration may change in the future as the A32NX project evolves and changes.

## How to download and use the aircraft

To download the aircraft please go to the [FlyByWire Simulations website](https://flybywiresim.com). Please be sure to thoroughly read the [documentation](https://docs.flybywiresim.com) on how to install and use the aircraft.

If you're still running into problems after reading through the documentation, feel free to jump into our Discord [#support channel](https://discord.gg/snueqJjDUN).

## How to contribute

If you would like to contribute to the project, see [Contributing.md](.github/Contributing.md)

### Known issues and bug reporting

Our [known issues](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/start/reported-issues) list contains the most commonly reported issues. Should you have an issue not found on this list, then please take a look at the reported issues within the [issue tracker](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/issues) and report a new issue if your issue isn't found there. You can also use the issue tracker to request a new feature.

## FAQ

### What liveries are available?

Liveries for the A32NX can be found on [Flightsim.to](https://flightsim.to/c/liveries/flybywire-a32nx/).

### When is the next update?

We don't know, since it depends on many factors. We will announce each new stable version via [Discord](https://discord.gg/flybywire) and our social media channels listed above.

### How do I join the team?

Read [Contributing.md](.github/Contributing.md) and join our Discord to get started.

### Is the A32NX payware?

No, it is a completely free aircraft, open-source.

### How do we report bugs?

Please read the [known Issues and bug reporting](#known-issues-and-bug-reporting) section.

### Is this going to be "study-level"?

While many in the team dislike the term "study-level" as its use is mostly applicable to certified training devices, we are in fact very dedicated on bringing a high fidelity A320neo to the Microsoft Flight Simulator platform.

### Is feature X from the A320neo going to be implemented?

Chances are, yes! While we do not guarantee every single detail of the aircraft will eventually be represented, our goal is to produce an extremely accurate simulation based on technical data and real-world testing. This means you can be almost certain every feature of the aircraft will eventually be simulated to the best of the simulator's ability as long as the technical data backs it up.

### Why has feature X not been implemented yet?

It's very likely that the feature you are awaiting is already under development! However, we strive for the greatest accuracy possible when producing aircraft, and it is therefore likely that a great deal of time will be spent on developing a proper software design and gathering sufficient references before we are able to offer the feature. 

### Why is my version not the same as what I see others using?

We have two mainline versions: stable and development. The stable version is a 'snapshot' of the development which we regard as stable with the current version of the simulator. The developer build is updated daily and is a constant work in progress and although we test thoroughly each update, minor issues may occur from time to time.

You can read more about the differences between the versions we offer [on our documentation portal](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/fbw-a32nx/fbw-versions/).

### Is there a list of features or a changelog available?

We do not keep a list of features implemented, but a lengthy [changelog](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/blob/master/.github/CHANGELOG.md) of what has been implemented, and their associated [pull requests](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/pulls) can be [found here](https://github.com/flybywiresim/a32nx/blob/master/.github/CHANGELOG.md).

## License

Original source code assets present in this repository are licensed under the GNU GPLv3.
Original 3D assets are licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0.

Microsoft Flight Simulator © Microsoft Corporation. The FlyByWire Simulations A32NX was created under Microsoft's "Game Content Usage Rules" using assets from Microsoft Flight Simulator, and it is not endorsed by or affiliated with Microsoft.

The contents of distribution packages built from the sources in this repository are therefore licensed as follows:

- in the case of original source code from FBW or compiled artifacts generated from it, under GPLv3.
- in the case of original 3D assets from FBW, under CC BY-NC 4.0.
- in the case of assets covered by the "Game Content Usage Rules", under the license granted by those rules.
